All right so we were working on the comments to display the comments on the admin area.
Right now we are displaying polls.
All right.
So what we need to do is we got this heading right here.
And I think this is fine.
This is all the information we need to display.
Of course some of this would be hard coded since we don't have that information right now so we're going
to edit the comment Id that author and I have a repeat of you right here.
This should be content
content and then e-mail.
And of course I don't have that e-mail.
Now remember that we are in the admin for slashy includes for Slash view on this score on the score
comments stop BHB inside the admin right includes.
So.
All right.
So after content
what do we have of the content.
E-mail
e-mail status.
So this email right here and that that is in the end date.
I think that that's about it for now one two three.
All right.
Coming up we're now going to play that right now because that would be the response field.
That's a matter of fact we can't have to start as we can't just play that but it would be court right
now so let's just play that right now hardcoded and song title right here and she's going to say some
title.
All right.
And the common date that we have we need to display here on a.
That's fine.
So these links here is going to say proof here proof.
Is just closes that way we can get it more approve won't approve edit and delete.
OK that's fine actually.
That's where we should be displaying there.
As a matter of fact let's take this out of here because this is going to give an error in the page if
we really are right now.
All right.
Just take it out.
And later on we'll complete it right now.
When we make equerry right.
Perfect.
Let's go ahead and check it out and see how it looks.
Comments click on it.
All right.
So we are displaying some data.
Great idea Id that's only one comment that we have all heard come in here.
This is an example.
This is all coming in come in from the database.
Remember this is the first comment that we made there that when we sort of some data the e-mail this
that is a pool song title that date.
All right prove it and prove link and end it.
This is actually of course.
Right.
We had the lead where he doesn't need to go.
We actually are missing one here.
Delete.
We're missing the edit that heading here.
All right.
We are not going to have an edit for this one we might we may have later but right now I'm just going
to take it off.
I'm interested in inches to get into.
Done right.
So I think we're good here.
All right.
We're good.
I think this lecture is big enough and the next one let's actually start making some Querrey and for
other things.
All right.
So thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one.